[♪♪♪]
Oh.
Four o'clock
in the morning?
Oh.
[SIGHS]
[YAWNS]
Good morning, master.
Oh, good morning,
Jeannie.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean
to wake you up.
Do you know it is 4:00?
That is even early
for Cocoa Beach.
Yeah, well, it's
a pretty special day.
Oh, master, you remembered!
[LAUGHING]
Oh!
Well it-- It's kind
of hard to forget.
I mean, after all, I'm going up
into orbit in a few hours.
Oh, is, uh--?
Is that all
this day means to you?
Well, I'd say
that's quite a bit.
Unless the Russians have
something up their sleeves,
I'm the only man going
into orbit today.
Mm.
So you, uh-- You have forgotten
what day this is.
Uh-- Oh, no, of course not.
How could I forget?
Happy birthday.
Is it your birthday?
No, isn't it yours?
No.
Oh, w-well--
Well, what day is it?
Oh, it is not important,
master.
Let us forget
that I mentioned it.
Yeah, okay,
let's forget it.
If I meant anything
at all to you,
you would have
remembered.
Jeannie, I don't know what I'm
apologizing for, but I'm sorry.
Now tell me what's so
important about today.
Oh, it was nothing.
Today is our first anniversary.
Our--? Our what?
It was one year ago today
that you rescued me
from my bottle on the beach.
Well, now what kind
of an anniversary is that?
Well, I am sorry,
but it is the only one I have.
And you forgot it.
Oh, come on,
be reasonable, Jeannie.
There isn't a man
in the world
who'd remember
an anniversary like that.
Hi, Jeannie.
Hi, Tony.
Hi.
Well, happy anniversary.
[♪♪♪]
Well, do you realize it
was a year ago today that--?
That you rescued Jeannie
from that bottle?
You see?
Even Major Healey remembers.
Roge, how did you remember
a day like that?
Jeannie called me up
yesterday and reminded me.
I've thought
of a wonderful way
to celebrate, master.
Why do we not go back
to the beach
where you first found me
in my bottle?
You could open the bottle
and rescue me again.
Would that not be romantic?
That's the wildest thing
I ever heard of.
I'm afraid it is
out of the question.
But, why?
I will get into the bottle
and you will open it
and rescue me.
For one reason, Jeannie,
their sending me into orbit
in a few hours, remember?
Oh, which is more important,
going on some silly ride
or celebrating our anniversary?
If you want my advice,
you won't answer that.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Jeannie, when I come down,
I will, uh--
I'll take you out to dinner,
and we'll go to the theater,
and that's the way
we'll celebrate.
We are going to celebrate
our anniversary on the island.
No, I'm afraid we're not.
Now, you be a good girl
and amuse yourself
around the house.
When I come back,
I'll phone you.
Goodbye and...
Happy anniversary.
Bye.
If there's anything that makes
me nervous, it's an angry genie.
[♪♪♪]
There you are, doctor.
Thank you.
Oh, we were having some trouble
with the electrical system.
Trouble's
in the fuel cells.
It's all checked out.
Oh, good.
How you feeling,
Tony?
Fine, just fine.
I wish I were making
this one with you.
Next time, Roge.
Well, Major Nelson.
Sir.
Happy anniversary.
Did you say,
"Happy anniversary"?
Yes, it was just one year ago
today that you, uh,
went up
on your last space flight
and landed on that island
in the Pacific, remember?
Oh, oh, yes, yes,
that anniversary.
How could I forget?
Well, this time I'm expecting
a perfect flight.
So am I, sir.
All the ranges report
that everything's fine,
so there's nothing
to worry about.
How does
it feel?
Watch it.
Watch--
Watch the nose.
Here, Ken.
You got that side?
All right.
[♪♪♪]
[ROGER GROANS]
Well, good luck, Tony.
You got it?
MAN [OVER SPEAKER]:
T minus 27 seconds
and counting.
All recorders
and ocscillographs can pass.
[INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER]
MAN 2:
Pressurized.
MAN:
Status check.
Range safety arm light on?
MAN 3:
Affirmative.
MAN:  Range ready?
MAN 4:  Ready.
MAN:
Water system ready?
All systems go.
Ten seconds till final stage
of rocket firing.
Nine,
eight,
seven,
six,
five,
four, three, two, one, zero.
Go, go.
Fire.
[♪♪♪]
MAN 2:
Affirmative.
MAN:
Telemetry in march condition?
[MAN SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY]
MAN 4:  Affirmative.
MAN:  Pressurization?
MAN 2:  Affirmative.
Perfect liftoff.
MAN:
Status check.
Range safety arm light on?
MAN 3:
Affirmative.
MAN:  Range ready?
MAN 4:  Ready.
MAN:  Water system ready?
MAN 5:  Affirmative.
MAN:
I have
a "threat complete" light...
[ALARM BLARING]
He's off-course.
What's happened to him?
His final stage misfired.
He won't be able
to maintain orbit.
We're gonna have
to bring him down.
But it was a perfect launching.
I don't understand it.
That's the same place
he came down last year.
Now, what could
have happened to him?
I think he might
have stopped off
to celebrate
his anniversary.
Jeannie!
Do you know
what you've done?
Jeannie, where are ya?
Look, I haven't got time
to fool around!
Jeannie, I-I-I
can't play games.
I am as sentimental
as the next guy.
Do you realize what this little
gesture of yours
is gonna cost
the United States government?
Jeannie!
Yeah.
Oh, there you are.
Oh, you got a new bottle, huh?
You got a different bottle
for your anniversary?
Come on out of there.
You're not Jeannie.
I am the Blue Djinn.
There's more
than one of you?
You--? Do you mean
I opened the wrong bottle?
I have been imprisoned
in that bottle for 1500 years,
and yours is the hand
that freed me.
Yeah, yeah, I-- I know.
I've been through
all this before.
You're grateful
and I can have
anything
in the world I want.
I have taken an oath to destroy
whoever opened that bottle.
Now, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Destroy? Why would you
want to destroy me?
I-- I-I'm the one
who just rescued you.
If thou had rescued me
1000 years ago,
I would have been grateful.
But for the last 500 years,
I have become angry.
How dost thou wish to die?
Of old age.
[LAUGHS]
Perhaps you would like
to be fed to the sharks?
Mm, you have anything else?
Drop thee
into a live volcano?
Well, you're getting warmer.
Uh, what else do you have?
I could turn thee
into a flea
and trample thee.
I have a little surprise
for you, fella.
[GIGGLES]
Happy anniversary,
master.
Jeannie, I have a little
anniversary present
for you too.
Oh.
[SCREAMS]
The Blue Djinn!
Oh, I have found thee.
Hey, do you know the trouble
with you, fella?
You're hostile.
Yeah, hostile.
You didn't think I had a genie
of my own, did you, huh?
Master.
All right, get him, Jeannie.
Please.
Feed me to the sharks, huh?
How would you like me
to feed you to the sharks, huh?
Oh...
Yeah, throw me
into a live volcano?
You know, if there's one thing
I can't stand, it's a bully.
Master!
Get him, Jeannie.
[SCREAMS]
I shall take pleasure
in seeing
that you die slowly.
All right, Jeannie.
Now.
I-- I--
I c-cannot, master.
He-- He-- He--
He's the Blue Djinn.
Uh, he's the one who put me
in my bottle 2000 years ago.
And I--
I-- He's--
He's the most powerful
one of us all!
Well, it's certainly a pleasure
to meet you, sir.
[SCREAMS]
I have searched everywhere.
You leave me alone.
Yeah, you heard her,
leave her alone.
[CRYING]
Oh, master! Oh!
I have been thinking
about thee for 1500 years.
Hey.
JEANNIE: Master!
Take your hands off her,
you hear me?
Master!
Please help me, master.
You bet
I'll help you.
Tell you the truth, fella,
I don't take kindly
to people burying me
in the sand.
JEANNIE: Oh!
Now, I finally have you.
[SCREAMS]
Uh...
Hey, I warn you,
fella.
I got a pretty bad temper.
Oh. Oh.
I am going to get rid
of this one once and for all.
No.
No, wait.
Wait, wait. If I go
with you, will you spare him?
You will come
willingly?
Oh, yes, yes, yes,
if you will set him free.
Jeannie, I can't let
you do that.
Oh, if I do not,
he will kill you, master.
Well, I can't
let you do it.
Oh, it is the only way
I can save you.
What'll happen
to you?
Oh, do not worry
about me, master.
Jeannie, will I ever
see you again?
I'm afraid not.
Come, let us leave.
No!
Wait a minute.
At least let me say goodbye.
All right, hurry then.
J-Jeannie,
what do you think of
when I say, Cocoa?
Chocolate?
No.
Vanilla?
No!
Beach?
Yes.
Uh-huh, now?
Y-yes.
[GRUMBLES]
[LAUGHING]
Oh, hey, you did it.
I'm so happy.
Oh, happy anniversary,
master.
Happy anniversary,
Jeannie.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Ah, look out,
master!
[♪♪♪]
[GASPS]
Ah! Ah!
Hey, good girl,
Jeannie.
Look, I'm as hospitable
as the next guy,
but this happens to be
my house--
You tried to trick me.
You shall be punished
for that.
Oh, please help me,
master.
Don't worry,
I'll handle this.
Lis--
[SCREAMS]
He has annoyed me
for the last time.
No! No!
[BUZZING]
No!
Jeannie.
[GASPS]
Wait a minute.
All right, fella, that's it.
You've done it.
I didn't wanna do this,
but you forced me to.
I'm gonna have
to destroy you.
Hm, you--? You destroy me?
[LAUGHING]
Please, do not make him
any angrier
than he already is,
master.
He's gonna have to worry
about making me angry, Jeannie.
I have more magic
in my little finger
than you have
in your whole body.
Thou hast no magic.
Oh, yeah?
[CLICKS]
I can command a whole army
out of thin air.
Truly, it is an army.
[LAUGHING]
How would you like me to throw
you under a raging flood?
I have never seen
such magic.
You are a greater magician
than I.
You are brilliant,
master.
I'm only beginning,
Jeannie.
[CLICKS]
Fire.
Oh, master,
I meant no harm.
[CLICKS]
One word from me
and my army'll destroy you.
Oh, please, master,
I-- I meant no harm.
Please,
send them away.
Do you mean that?
Yes!
All right,
down on your knees, you cur.
I'll send 'em away
on one condition.
Oh, yes, master.
You get out of this house,
and don't you ever bother
that girl again.
Yes, master,
I promise.
I-- I will never harm
either of you.
I promise.
I promise, master.
I am not sure that I would trust
this one, master.
Don't worry about him, Jeannie.
You know what will happen
if you with mess me?
Yes, yes, master.
And, furthermore,
if anything ever happens
to this girl,
I'm gonna hold
you personally responsible.
And I'll send
my armies after you--
I had a hunch
I'd find you here.
Wait, how could you hear
yourself think
with that television
on anyway?
DJINN:
The magic is gone.
Half the world's
looking for him,
and he's watching television.
Who--?
Who's your friend?
He--
He turned it off.
I am no friend of his.
He turned
the television off.
Now, you shall die.
But first, I will learn
the secret of your magic.
How did you create armies
out of thin air?
Armies out of thin--
He thought you created armies.
Are you kidding?
That's television.
That's-- That's just pictures.
That's not real.
Thanks, Roger.
So you have no magic.
Thanks.
ROGER:
Better stop fooling
and get to the base.
They're going crazy.
JEANNIE: Do not harm him.
I will go with you.
Ah.
You tricked me before.
I shall see that you
do not trick me again.
No!
That is true magic.
She is going back
with me.
Wait a minute.
Who is this joker anyway?
Roger, you-- You better
keep away from him.
Look, you may be bigger
than I am,
but I happen to be
an expert in karate.
[GRUNTS]
Roger, you don't know him.
Roger--
Do you know
what you're getting into?
Roger.
[CLUCKING]
[ROGER'S VOICE]
Dirty fighter.
Roger.
What have you done
with him? Roge.
Now, to take care
of you.
All right,
go ahead.
Go ahead,
kill me, kill me,
but don't touch
the Nelson treasure.
Do not worry,
I am not interes--
Treasure?
What is
the Nelson treasure?
Oh, mm, I could cut
my tongue out.
Forget it, forget it.
Go ahead, kill me.
First you will tell me
about the treasure.
If you promise not to say
anything about it.
Of course, I promise.
Where is the treasure?
What treasure's that?
[GROWLS]
Oh, oh, yeah, the treasure.
Uh, the treasure.
Eh...
Uh, it's--
It's right in here.
Uh, it's right
this way.
No.
Um, um...
Right here.
Where?
Uh... Right--
Right here.
See, this is the way we keep
the Nelson tre-- Treasure...
Now, wait a minute, thi--
This is too small.
You're-- You're too big.
You'll never get in there. No.
I have a way.
If this is one
of your tricks,
you'll regret the day
you were born.
Heh.
All right,
there you are, mister.
That oughta hold ya.
[CHUCKLES]
Yeah.
Oh...
Ugh, Jeannie.
Come on out.
[♪♪♪]
Oh.
Oh, master,
what did you do
with the Blue Djinn?
Oh, you don't have to worry
about him, Jeannie.
He's strong,
but he's not bright.
[LAUGHING]
Ah!
I got him in here.
Tony. Tony.
Oh, uh, take care
of Roger, will you?
[LAUGHS]
Oh, oh, oh,
those feathers tickles.
Oh, where is he?
Where is he? Where is he?
I got him here
in the vacuum cleaner.
Oh, do not worry
about him, master.
I will take care
of him.
I will drop him
to the bottom of the sea.
[TONY & JEANNIE LAUGH]
Okay.
Come on.
Gee, it's a--
It's a shame to waste
a perfectly good vacuum cleaner.
It's...
Look here.
You are so clever,
master.
[CHUCKLES]
ROGER: If you're so clever,
how are you gonna explain
being here?
The whole 7th Fleet
is looking for you.
Yeah, that's right.
Oh, that's easy.
Jeannie will pop me back
onto the island,
and let them find me.
Won't you, Jeannie?
Jeannie? What?
I think she went back
to drop her friend off.
Huh?
So, what's your next false move?
You're right. Oh, boy,
what is my false move?
There's thousands of guys
looking for me
all over
the South Pacific.
Do know how long
a search like that would last?
This is gonna cost the United
States government millions.
Roge, there's no way
around this.
I'm just gonna have
to go back
and level with them.
Level--? Level with them?
You can't go back there
and tell the truth.
You think NASA's gonna
hold still for an astronaut
who has his own genie?
Now, forget it.
It can't be helped.
Well, then good luck, huh?
Thanks.
And, uh...
Bye.
Yeah.
[♪♪♪]
Major Nelson.
Yes, sir.
But it can't be you.
You're up there.
I was up there, sir.
I saw them launch you
into orbit, myself.
Yes, sir, I know that,
sir, but--
The whole fleet's looking
for you out there,
and you're here.
I can explain that, sir.
You're going to.
But you're going to explain it
to General Peterson.
Wait right here.
Sergeant.
I want you to stand guard
in front of this door.
No one is to enter
or leave it.
Do you understand?
Yes, sir.
[SIGHS]
PETERSON:
Any sign of him at all?
Negative, general.
Poor Tony.
You can call off
the search, general.
Call it off?
What are you
talking about?
I'm talking
about Major Nelson.
You won't find him there,
because he's in my office.
Do you know
what you just said?
I said that Major Anthony Nelson
is in my office
right this minute,
under guard.
He can't be there,
he's 10,000 miles
from here.
General Peterson, I know we've
had our little differences
about Major Nelson
in the past,
but this time,
there's no question about it.
I've got him, general.
And when he explains this,
he can explain
a lot of other things.
Well, I don't believe
he's there, doctor.
You don't have to take
my word for it, general,
you can see for yourself.
I'm warning you, doctor.
He's under guard, general.
Let's go.
[♪♪♪]
You see, sir,
I have this little genie
that I carry around
with me, and--
And she wanted to celebrate
our anniversary.
And, heh, well, you--
You know how genies are.
[CHUCKLING]
No?
[GRUMBLES]
Uh, there are a lot of things
in this world
that we can't understand, sir,
and this is one of them.
I am back, master.
Where have you been,
Jeannie?
Oh, dropping
the Blue Djinn off
in the middle of the ocean.
Oh, can you get him back?
Oh, whatever for?
Because I want him to throw me
into a roaring volcano.
Do you know
what's gonna happen
when Peterson arrives?
I-- I-- I won't be able
to explain this
if I live to be--
If I live to be your age.
Oh!
Jeannie, I'm supposed
to be in orbit.
Stand aside,
sergeant.
I've waited a long time
for this, general.
[WHISPERS]
Jeannie, get us out of here.
[GASPS]
Here he is.
Here who is,
doctor?
But he was right here.
Sergeant.
Yes, sir.
Where's Major Nelson?
He's in orbit,
isn't he, doctor?
Anyone come out
of this room, sergeant?
No, sir.
And the windows are locked
on the inside.
But he was standing
right here.
I said,
"But it can't be you."
And he said,
"I can explain it, sir."
And then I said, "The whole
fleet's looking for you."
And then he said, uh--
General Peterson,
we've just picked up
Major Nelson's capsule
on our scope.
Where is he?
He's in orbit.
Right where he should be.
Something must have gone wrong
with our telemetry.
[♪♪♪]
I am ready,
master.
All right,
Jeannie.
Where would you like
to go to--?
Well, you're the most beautiful
thing I ever saw.
Oh, thank you, master.
Thank you.
Do you like
my new dress?
Yes, Jeannie,
it's just beautiful.
Well, I could not decide
whether to wear this one
or whether to--
Or this one.
Oh, why, you certainly
don't have any problem
with your wardrobe, do you?
[LAUGHS]
Oh, that's wonderful, Jeannie,
just wonderful.
Where would you like me
to take you to dinner?
[LAUGHS]
[LAUGHING]
Well, Jeannie.
Well--
Oh--
Say--
Happy anniversary, master.
When you go out--
All out.
--you really go all out,
don't you?
Are you content, master?
Content?
Well, who wouldn't be?
A lovely girl,
a deserted island,
wonderful food and--
And, say,
that wine's nice.
Oh, it is a very old bottle.
I-- I-I found it somewhere.
[♪♪♪]
[JEANNIE & TONY
CONVERSING INDISTINCTLY]
Jeannie.
[GASPS]
[GROANS]
Ah.
Oh.
What is it?
What--?
Why--?
What are you doing?
Wh--? Wh--?
Jea--? Jeannie?
Jeannie, what happ--?
What--?
Oh.
Oh, happy anniversary,
master.
Happy anniversary.
[BOTH LAUGH]
[♪♪♪]